LICENSE
Nutbox is freeware, open source and Public Domain, and may be distributed 
freely, whether modified, complete or in part.  It may even be distributed as 
part of commercial projects (for use by installation scripts, etc.).  This 
loose license is intentional as I all too well remember being a software 
developer, working for a commercial business, who all the time ran his head 
into obnoxious licenses that inhibited the use of the otherwise freeware tools 
in the business' commercial products.  

Please notice that you expressly do not need to include my copyleft message in 
derived or cloned works.  That something is Public Domain basically means that 
everybody can do whatever they like with it - even sell it for money.  

So if you hear of somebody selling Nutbox for money, please let them continue 
to do so :-)

Consider this my move to work towards a patent and copyright free world where 
people spend their time on making great projects that everybody may use freely 
rather than on working out the most elaborate licenses ever imagined by 
mankind.  Nutbox is Public Domain!  This means you may do whatever you please 
with it - without needing to apply for my permission in any case whatsoever!  
As far as I recall, I have no particular rights over the material once I 
have released it to the Public Domain - and cannot even later revoke the 
Public Domain classification.  This is intentional, so as to give YOU the 
greatest possible degree of freedom in using Nutbox for whatever purpose that 
suits you.  The license means that you may freely copy, alter, edit, revise, 
extend, reduce, clone, emulate, and incorporate parts of or the entirety of 
Nutbox into whatever projects you can dream up.

Obviously, I wouldn't MIND that you included a notice that your work was based
upon Nutbox, or parts of it, but I expressly do not require that you do so.

I don't mind getting an email about where and how Nutbox is used, though.

Nutbox is provided AS IS without any implicit or explicit guarantees.  If
Nutbox fails you in any way, even to the extent of causing unwanted deaths or
suicides, YOU are the responsible party, because YOU made the choice of using
Nutbox for whatever you are using Nutbox for.  The author, Mikael Lyngvig, can 
in no event be held liable for anything whatsoever no matter his role in it.

